add fig.alt to the special need options for office ouput correct handling (#1966)
yihui/knitr: NEWS.md

- For Rnw documents, the commented `%\begin{document}` will no longer cause trouble (thanks, @NewbieKnitter @shrektan, #1819).

> - Fixed an issue with `fig.alt` chunk option causing figure to disappear with `rmarkdownn::word_document()`. This options is currently supported for HTML output only. If provided for office output in **rmarkdown**, it will emit a warning and be ignored. (#1966)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the chunk option `fig.alt` causing figures to disappear in `rmarkdownn::word_document()` output. This option is currently supported for HTML output only. If provided for office output in **rmarkdown**, it will emit a warning and be ignored (#1966).
```
